DOCS-9380-dw-pass-xml-example-kt (#1698)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook.adoc

| Defines a function that recursively checks an element and all of its children for a specific XML attribute and removes it with `-`. It also uses `mapObject`, `if` and `is` (to match types).

| xref:dataweave-cookbook-pass-xml-attributes.adoc[Pass XML Attributes]

> | Pass XML attributes from the input source payload to the output XML. Use the `map` function to iterate over the XML attributes items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pass XML attributes from the input source payload to the output XML. It uses the dynamic attribute expression `@((dynamicAttributes))` to create the attributes of the new output tag selecting the attributes dynamically from the input.
```
Passing the xml attributes is because the `@((dynamic attributes))`. The map is just iterating over the array of NameDetails.

> | Pass XML attributes from the input source payload to the output XML. It uses the dynamic attribute expression `@((dynamicAttributes))` to create the attributes of the new output tag selecting the attributes dynamically from the input.

Reviewer 2: "output tag selecting" -> "output tag by selecting" ?
